## WebPack

## Task 0
Create and run Webpack using a basic installation.

- Create a folder named `task_0`.
- Install webpack and webpack-cli as developer dependencies within the folder using npm.
- Install jQuery as a regular dependency using npm.
- Make sure that webpack and webpack-cli are listed under the devDependencies key along with jQuery being listed under the dependencies key within the package.json
- Create a src directory with a index.js in it.
- The file should import jquery and add three different paragraphs to the page body: (refer to this link under the Babel section for importing jQuery)
- 
`Holberton Dashboard

Dashboard data for the students

Copyright - Holberton School`

- Create a dist/index.html. Import your main.js in the body.
- You must use jQuery to add the elements to the body of the page.
- When running Webpack, your javascript and html files should be generated in a dist folder.
- You should not use a custom webpack config file.
- Opening your main file should not generate any error in the console.
- Your html code should only import one Javascript script (the one generated by webpack).
- Do NOT push your dist/main.js if you have one.

### Task 1(Learning how to use web package)
*Installing packages*

- Create a folder named task_1, cd into it, and create a package.json using npm init -y
- Install webpack (dev dependency), jQuery (dependency), and Lodash (dependency) within the folder using npm.
- Modify your package.json to add a build script that runs webpack to create a production build. This lets you execute npm run build on the command line.
Using jQuery

- Create a js directory with a javascript file named dashboard_main.js in it. The file should import jquery and add the below elements in the following order:
- Paragraph element: Holberton Dashboard
- Paragraph element: Dashboard data for the students
- Button element with the text Click here to get started
- Add a paragraph element as so <p id='count'></p>
- Add another paragraph: Copyright - Holberton School
- Prevent spammers

- Write a function called updateCounter() that tracks the number of times the button element has been clicked.
- Each time it’s called, update the count by 1 and set the content of the paragraph element with id=‘count’ to {count} clicks on the button
- Bind the debounce function in Lodash to the click event on the button you created previously.
*Requirements:*

- When running Webpack, your javascript should be generated in a public folder. You should also place your index.html in this folder.
- The javascript file generated by Webpack should be named bundle.js
- Set Webpack config mode to production
- Opening your html file should not generate any error in the console
- Your html code should only import one Javascript script (the one generated by webpack)
*Resources:*

Debounce documentation on Lodash
